what's going on guys it's court from
super comedy guru 9000 and welcome to my
review of bleach chapter 479 all good
things must come to an end and even
though I'm not sure if this arc was good
or not quite yet I have to say they
certainly ended it in a pretty
interesting way um this chapter itself
was another padding out chapter in a
sense and it gave us a little bit more
resolution to the end of this fullbring
art but overall it was again kind of a
disappointment the chapter itself opens
up with Veruca who is apparently escaped
from aura hardest place or I wouldn't
really say escape there's so much she
just walked away and decided to leave on
her own but before we can get into her
head a little bit we decided to finally
go back to soul society you remember
that place that the whole series is
about that we haven't been back to in
the longest freaking time well it's glad
that we're back because there are some
interesting developments there one of
the things i do want to mention is in
this chapter we get to see that ken say
and shinji have apparently joined the
gotei 13 again which is a pretty big
development apparently during this
17-month time skipper however long it
was they decided and the visoreds are
pretty cool they helped us out in the
battle against eyes and so hell why not
welcome back guys so you know they're
there and everything in Ken's hey looks
awesome in his robes and everything and
I'm curious to know if they actually can
still use their visored powers and you
know they can so I guess uh visoreds are
cool now so that's awesome but the whole
point of the chapter was each goes
actually come back to soul society
because apparently Renji brought ging
Joe's body to soul society and I guess
they're just keeping it but each of
those come back because he actually
wants to take his body back to the
material world so that he can give him a
proper burial and I guess that's pretty
cool because even though he was a
villain he did sort of teach a lot to
Ichigo so that is kind of a big deal so
that he can give him a proper burial and
I guess that's pretty cool because even
though he was a villain he did sort of
teach a lot to Ichigo so that is kind of
a big deal into the chapter gave us a
little more interesting thing with
Arouca we can see that she's standing at
the top of the building and she's
basically in her head having a little
monologue thanking all the people who
helped her out and I guess the shortest
shows that she has developed into a very
nice character and a little
us soon dear but that's pretty much
where the chapter comes to a close it's
kind of nice but at the end of the day I
really wish there was a lot more things
they could have told us to fill in the
gaps this was just another interesting
way to end the arc again I feel that I'm
just stressing what I was saying last
week which is kubo just he isn't filling
in a lot of the gaps here and maybe he's
just doing that to keep the world as
mysterious as possible but the more I
keep reading the more I keep seeing all
of these really missed opportunities and
you know I guess the full bring arc in a
sense was okay but it's easily my least
favorite art so far and you know at
first I didn't like the Arrancar stuff
because I felt that it was going on for
too long but in retrospect I liked it a
lot more because even though kubo had
nothing but pretty much fights going on
in it the whole time all of the
characters were really really well
designed and they all had really cool
powers and they were like that too here
in the full bring art the problem is
they didn't do anything they barely got
to do and I feel like it's just
such a wasted opportunity again um the
whole thing with ginkgo officially being
confirmed dead like he has a corpse okay
this is a big deal what a freaking
disappointment the offer created this
great design form especially with the
final battle with him in Ichigo and
nothing really came of it the only thing
that ended up happening was he ended up
just getting cut with a sword and boy is
that just disappointing to me i don't
know i know that bleach is a series
that's based mostly around swordplay in
sword battles but the fact that it just
ended so simply just kind of disappoints
me a lot if there's one thing I can say
about this art that I think is good i
think that the anime is doing a much
better version of it i recently just
watched the episode where sue kashima
and ichigo fight for the first time and
i thought it looked really good it can
really only go up from here and I hope
kubo takes his time and it's a good
thing he's going to have plenty of it
because at the end of the chapter gives
us a little notification that bleach is
going to be on break for three weeks and
this is the vacation at kubo needs
because I know that he's probably really
stressed because you know a lot of us
hardcore fans were kind of disappointed
by this arc and I know he's getting a
lot of backlash for it and he's just
trying to you know
you know do his work so I you know I
wanted to continue i still love bleach i
still think it's a great series i just
feel that this art you know it just
didn't really do much for me at the end
of the day it was just an excuse to get
ichigo's powers back so there was some
pretty good artwork this weekend some
pretty decent dialogue but again a very
disjointed chapter and because of that I
can only give it a six out of ten the
artwork just can't save it this week in
the fact that it all ended without
really that much explanation just kind
of bothers me a little bit remember guys
if you enjoyed this video make sure to
give it a thumbs up that concludes my
review today guys super coming over 9000
out that's the right one when life gives
you lemons make lemonade life has been
giving lemons to kubo a lot lately and
you know what he's obviously sick of
making lemonade and you not know where
I'm going with this